[UG] Edit email constraint (#395)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

    </tbody>
</table>

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info" id="email-format">**:information_source: Email Format:**<br>

Emails should be of the format **local-part@domain** and adhere to the following constraints:

1. The local-part should only contain alphanumeric characters and these special characters, **+_.-**. The local-part may not start or end with any special characters.

> 2. This is followed by a **@** and then a domain name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The local-part is followed by a **@** and then a domain name. 
```
